# new-H2-WEBSITE
This is the all new dynamic website of hostel 2, IIT Bombay, which I developed in 2018 and was live on the official gymkhana server as main H2 website till 1st quarter, 2021. Currently this is no longer the main website and is present as "Older Website" in the new revmped website.<br/><br/>
I had used php with SQL for the first time ever in the history of H2 to make all the pages dynamic. I also used bootstrap to ensure every page is responsive, supporting the mobile-first approach of developing websites. Our data of 250+ students was maintained securely in MySQL database.<br/><br/>
This website had some of the best, first-time ever in H2's history elements that made it very elegant at that time. It contained parallax landing page, personalised home page after login, indivisual profile system, hostel-wide, multi-level and multi-genre lederbord system, E-certificate portal, online bidding portal for intra hostel football and cricket leagues similar to ISL and IPL. For the first time ever, an online legends section had been added to showcase the official awards history of our hostel since 1985.<br/><br/>
The github page link is:- https://aniketmondal.github.io/new-H2-WEBSITE/  <br/><br/>
As most of the pages are dynamic and thus coded in php, github hosted page may not work for all pages. And currently, the IITB gymkhana server is down for outside of Institute networks. So actual website is also not accessible.<br/><br/>
I also acknowledge the help and support of Nikhil B as my co-secretary in developing some of these file in collaboration with me.
